Hi girls, how are you
Today I'm here to show you the
my davut nail polish
just launched
fifty-six colors they announced
For us at beauty fair it was all
world soon for the bad and then six
months if they are here with the
So I bought some colors and
I brought some more from my sister too.
because for you the best for you but
so not so much varieties, but it's the
We got our first first school.
so the first one I chose was
catching wave that is this very bug
cute
I spent two very generous layers
because of course in the hands a little
but only in the end I ended up
repenting the little foxes because the
finish to make the team was very
Thick and not very cool I think
that three thinner layers do not something
more delay but the time will be more
beautiful then the cure is beautiful for summer
It looks great and is super pretty happy so
knows how phishing and such
another color that is my sister's actually
It's the cinema he's good and he's kind of
more rooms knows that 2015 agreement or
slow through the pantone knows a little bit
the clearer you know how to load a little bit
any less
so it looks beautiful to whoever is more
discreet person works in a more
formal that is a more upscale nail
something like that take to fight
I think it's a joker and he looks gorgeous
nail on me I think I would do it again
You, but my sister is in love and
water covered super well with two layers and
were perfect coverage very good and
I really liked it and talk it and I
I chose a rosy that is the doll of
cloth that is an enamel as well
Little girl is onerous, I think.
we can call it so it is very
cute and just like the greyhound fan
He is more a little because the color is for him.
be more pastel and I used in him three layers
thinner and again it was much more
easy to do on the leg next to the
cuticle and such
so I'm quite liked it
leaving what I liked best
There were a lot of people until tomorrow.
the monsoon is not any good and I asked her
buy one for me to have a good time
pigmented and more open there then it is
because it had many shades of
red and they were very similar to
Lighting is a very cool guy and will
very confused to be what I wanted and any
law then question two as soon as it was
until I passed at the same time one each node
and it's time to film for you the scenes
I confused at first to the teeth
movie because it started to confuse
which is not something had blond
so because in fact they are very
resembling red fruits
it is a first more open drawn pro
cherry
already the red and also the red open
about drawn to orange as
differences from one hand to another 1 to 5
It 's minimal, it's a little more
she already the other a little cherry and the two
are welcome in the enamelling range o
which I liked anyway I said our
This tap fed and ours is what gives
to make no art the joker what gives
to heat the environment is too fast
was the fruit of the first layer socks is
what the second coverage got
perfect
the brazier I found a little bit more
if it were day-to-day I would have
past the third call
only with two but mainly so I
I thought you gave a little love
or decreases the nail to the tip of the nail
where salmon school
It differs there anyway so it's beautiful and
I think that permeate all the time
had and of course I really loved the
Nail I loved the quality of the glaze and
nor his pigment was the ballad party
want a very dark pearly blue he
Brazil, so there are stars, not mine.
You know, girls, pass a layer on you.
you see in the video is a layer to
coverage was perfect ease in having
difficulty
then the enamel or to take the
Corners was super cool Blue people
Beautiful marine this way with a shed
It's very difficult for the little guy who
accompanies for some time knows that I am
in love blue and this one for sure
is one of the tops sure to ride
others these attentive and stamped youths
with them so I think it gives to fall
so because his income is
Perfect
My mother needed a
work so she bought this care if she
color enhancer which is an extra
I glowed red and I stepped over the
party ballad and further enhanced the
kick brighter and more alive
In the middle I can not speak to
you of the probability of the wicked in
childhood glow because I did not like it
Long time I just tried to show it to you.
Are you crazy about lancenet too?
so I did not end up with any
on the nail but will soon have a review
separated from each name I really wanted
show things to you what have been
My first choices for Vult
to have your crazy to buy a nude
because they have a pretty cool cartel of
far away in other things that I
I was imagining it because I see it very dark.
also has for the beautiful colors and this
on here
the enamel to the people with the handle 14 and 59 56
Choices for 4 59 Can not Buy
almost none because it goes bankrupt
are still slowly buying
so these were the first choices
stay here on the blog here on the channel that
will appear later on
6 who have already bought it because you
are wishing either of you liked
I stole the leaves here in
The comments really want to know if you
like the video gives enjoy this is the
our channel if you 're not here
kisses and see you soon